have you company for this match
right on the trade against Manchester
City
because the statistics show how evenly
matched these sides are yeah they know
each other so well
inside-out so it's going to be difficult
separate enough good for wordplay this
will be a corner for Manchester City
the shot it's still in play though the
opposition they're able to take it away
here
a good pass
it's with Tourette's
nicely cut out by the opponent
quickly they're crisply - Pepe
Rock LD Perea
that's ready well very good interception
to stop the attack
but he played the first ball he demanded
a return pass of his cotton
the intersection just in time
agüero well he's got to try and catch
Carlos Tevez now he's away there Joe and
Guerra it's with brown Madrid now and
Sergio Ramos and expect that to happen
silver
Cristiano Ronaldo really good striker
when it comes
30 chances into goals into his feet
this is a special skill
such place and leave defenders in his
wake can he turn away from the challenge
here
well
this movie
Karim Benzema he's caused enough girls
to stay in the team opportunity this
could be an opening for Real Madrid or
the break would have happened really for
them they've lost possession now and the
defenders are back in control pretty
relieved about it
now Tevez
iker casillas played more games in gold
around the hood than anybody else
throwing here
today
nicely done between the two of them
taco bite or that's a shame
Real Madrid given the throw here
well they attack really dangerous but
the interception was perfect for his
team the winger will be delighted to get
a pass like that
Casey
but you'd have the ball Pepe
savage silver
where the pastas cut out
did he have the bull again
you